The other thing that I
need here is a padding.
So I will like to see
a padding at the right,
I want to position in here that says, Add.
If I can add that product into my order,
that's kind of the goal.
How can I add the button there?
What do you think, sir?
>> Row.
>> A row, where?
Where should I add a row here?
So let me add the const
that are complaining here,
either row because now I need row, where?
It's kind of where should I add a row?
So actually, what I need is, I need the
image, and after the image, I need a row.
So I can add a row manually
with some children.
Okay, and
the children's are these two paddings.
First, but if I do this,
this is what's gonna happen.
Now, they are in a row and
I don't want that.
>> Another column.
>> Another column, make sense?
So I need, first, a column.
Makes sense?
Then we need a row, but
then within that row,
we need another column for the title and
price and then the padding.
We have a question on the chat, yeah.
>> Why wouldn't you wrap
the elements in a single padding?
>> In a single padding?
Padding, padding, I understand.
Padding accepts child not children.
So if you wanna do that, it's fine,
but you need another container, okay?
So a padding, you cannot apply
a padding to two elements.
So a padding is to one element.
So if you have a padding and you have two,
you need another container in the middle,
like another row, another column.
But it's possible here, I have a row, so
now I could remove these paddings and
get the padding out to the row.
It's not going to be the same because you
won't be having padding between the text.
But you layout your design by
having in mind that some widgets,
they have child as a property and some
widget, they have children as a property.
So, and you cannot change that, is not
your decision, is the wish of decision.
The padding widget
accepts only one element,
you will apply the padding
to one element only, okay?
So we were adding, we set a new column.
So I'm going to wrap this into a column.
I'm going to add the second padding
as a sibling of the first one.
So we are back here.
Yeah, we need to solve
some problems there.
You can see it's getting
messy pretty quickly.
In just five minutes,
I have, I don't know,
probably six, seven nested elements.
This is pretty common in Flutter.
And also, I need in the row.
Fortunately, we have these
hints to know where we are.
So probably here,
I need to add a botton, okay?
Unfortunately, we don't have a button,
say, we don't have buttons.
Actually, there are many buttons.
And they use button as a suffix,
so they don't call button,
we have a TextButton,
we have an ElevatedButton, an IconButton.
ElevatedButton looks like a button.
And the TextButton is just like a link.
Also, we have a LinkButton
as well available.
But let's say an ElevatedButton
will probably make the trick,
It has an onPressed property and
child, child is for
the contents of the button box.
And what do I want?
Sure, can I add a text here,
like a string, saying Add?
Not gonna work.
Every time you see child, the type
expected is a widget, not a string.
So I need to actually create a widget,
for example,
a text widget that will have
the text inside, Trailing comma.
And what about onPressed?
What do you think this
is in terms of type?
What should the type of
onPressed should be?
A function.
So how to create a function here.
Parentheses, code or
parentheses, an arrow function.
Arrow function only for one expression.
Okay, Text(Add) is complaining
because it's constant.
Okay, so let's see.
Look at the color of the button.
By default, It's using the color of
the swatch that I define the theme.
I can change that if I want to,
but if you're okay, it's fine.
So what?
We have some layout issues to solve here.
So first, the price for
some reason is centered with the title,
why?
So let me show you something,
what if I wanna add another product here?
So I wanna see two
products at the same time,
what do I need to do in the menu page?
>> The widget, I mean,
let's make column, I guess.
>> A column, there is no other way.
So I need to create a container, so if
you want to, one after the other, column.
So I need to wrap this into column.
And now, I can add another product
with another, let's say q.
Let's make it q.
I'm going to create another one,
another Dummy Product,
this is a much larger, okay?
Well, I am not seeing it, but
we know that instead of a column,
we can use a ListView.
So we have it curl.
So what I wanna show you is this,
they are not even uniform.
So what's going on here?
By default, the children of rows and
columns, they have their width,
their size little flexible
based on the contents.
And I'm not sure I like that, right?
It's kind of weird.
So something that we can do, okay, so
there are many things that you can do.
Okay, there are many ways to
solve this layout issues.
So now, we need to go back to the problem
item and see what else we can play with.
We can play with alignments of things.
For example, in this case,
we have this column,
is the one that has the name of the price.
So, we can solve the center problem, okay?
Though we wanna move the price there by
changing the property of this column.
Is it gonna be main axis
>> Cross.
>> Or cross axis?
Let's say CrossAxisAlignment.start.
Save, yeah, that'll work.
Now, I need to work with
the row because I wanna change
how the elements in the row are aligned,
okay?
Should I use cross or main?
I wanna see if I can
move this button there.
That's a goal, main, mainAxisAlignment.
So we are going to take elements
from mainAxisAlignment.
There is one that says
a space between the children.
So it will actually put a space
between the children and
push the children to the edges.
Make sense?
That looks good.
Yeah, maybe we need some
padding on the button.
Can we do that?
We know how to do that, right?
So we click on the ElevatedButton.
Let's say some right padding only.
So how can I only right padding?
As far as I wrap these in a padding, but
then I don't want to apply to all,
only to the right.
Of course, I'm doing this with,
let's say nice speed,
even if I'm explaining this.
When you're doing this for the first time,
your speed will not be this one, right?
But you get used to that,
to know where to add the elements,
where to change the cross,
blah, blah, blah, okay?
Makes sense?
>> The row and
the main axis still throws me off.
>> So the row, it's actually put
the elements in the row horizontally.
So the mainAxisAlignment defines the
alignments of the elements horizontally.
So you can say, I want them center,
I want them here at the start,
I want them at the end.
Or there are other options,
thare are space between, space around.
I mean, this is actually
pretty similar to Flexbox.
In fact, it's based on Flexbox.
So if you are a web designer, and
you have been using Flexbox and
CSS, you will be at home here this
with the names and how that works.
So, you can play with that.
For example, instead of a space between,
we can create a space around.
And in this case,
it's adding a space in the middle of
the two elements and also around.
So we have a space,
maybe doesn't look so bad, but anyway,
we have a space between elements and
also around the row, okay?
Then you have a space evenly.
This is exactly the same as space
no matter how big the elements are.
I think for this case, space between
is the one, I don't want spaces around.
For that, I use paddings, okay,
to define the spaces around.
Does it make sense?
Yep, So
then what you do with the Add button?
I have a button, okay?
And the button has an onPressed,
I need to do something.
Well, again, I don't know, I don't have
the data yet, I don't have the repository.
But I'm a widget.
I'm a product item,
my responsibility is to render a product.
Actually, I don't think I know what to do.
So most of the time, in this case,
what I want is to move these events up.
So whoever is calling me, hey,
the user has clicked add here.
It's your problem now.
How to move an event up.
We create a property of type function.
So I can call this onAdd.
So it's like a callback JavaScript.
So I'm going to also receive
this in the constructor.
It's another property.
This onAdd, like so.
And then the only thing that I'm
doing here is just calling onAdd.
And I can pass maybe the product,
that's an argument.
Again, I'm responsible for the little
widgets, I don't know what to do.
I don't know where the data is located,
I don't care.
I shouldn't care.
And then I'm just moving,
lifting the value up.
So now I'm getting errors at the top
because I need to implement onAdd.
Make sense?
For now, I can just put empty go,
we will probably solve
this pretty quickly.
So we've been playing a little
bit with cross alignments,
with layout, so
we haven't seen anything so new.
Modelland plane or fighting with
alignments, paddings, and all that stuff.
By the way, do we have margin?
No, a margin is a padding that
you apply outside of the content,
outside of the background color or
something like that.
If you have a container with a background
color, you can apply padding outside
the container and
padding inside the container.
The padding inside the container
is the CSS padding, and
the padding outside
the container is the CSS margin.
Makes sense?
I mean, Kibera, you don't do this,
but I wanna show you that you can.
You can apply padding to the padding,
it doesn't make sense, okay, I know.
But in fact,
it's not even appearing in the list, but
they can actually do it manually.
I can apply padding to the padding, of
course, they're gonna say, hey, come on,
you can just use one and
increase the number.
But it's a widget.
So actually, you can have a widget with
a widget with a widget with a widget
with a widget without issues.
This is actually using high performance
structures, so your objects,
so it's not going to be a high performance
problem to create a large tree